
The acronym "FDG" stands for "Freie Deutsche Gesellschaft" (in english: "Free German Society"), which is a libertarian patriotic digital cooperative of freedom and German culture loving people as volunteers, to build for their future a free market and private law society in the German speaking D-A-CH-LI region  (Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Liechtenstein).

Here are some relevant links to FDG:

Website:
FreieDeutscheGesellschaft.org
FDN-Wiki (for our radio meshnet technology):
wiki.freiedeutschegesellschaft.org
Our meshnet protocol for connecting all free radio standards like WiFi, LoRa, CB, PMR, Freenet together with and without classic internet into one unified communication meshnet:
reticulum.network

Telegram:
https://t.me/FDG_Portal_neu
https://t.me/FDG_Wertschoepfer

Here you find summaries of all our current FDG subprojects:

Parrhesiast:
Finally communicate privately without fear of data spying! - Our "made in Germany" solution for a tap-proof smartphone with maximum data protection, a choice of Google-free Android or Linux operating systems and pre-installed software packages for using all our technologies for the Free German Emergency Radio Network (FDN), the FDG Communicator (FDGK), the Free German Marketplace (FDMP) and (soon) the Free German Mark (FDM). For the first time, enjoy secure data protection, real privacy and complete anonymity when making calls and chatting at the highest level of state-of-the-art German smartphone technology!

Finally an "all-in-one" tool for complete self-liberation from the political system of rule! - Our "made in Germany" solution for a modular software package for communication, business and payment transactions on your Android smartphone. A special feature of our FDGK, affectionately known as the "NWO System Killer", is its ability to enable digital communication not only with but also without the Internet, only between the connected wireless devices. Our revolutionary Meshnet messenger offers you a complete ecosystem with many customizations to suit your personal needs.

Finally be communicatively and economically networked even in times of crisis! - Our solution "made in Germany" for a secure private communication network for mutual help and economic exchange even in a blackout: a digital person-to-person meshnet consisting of private home servers, gateways, routers & repeaters that reliably connects you with other members via your smartphone & radio modules of various frequencies such as WiFi, LoRa, CB & PMR even if the power grid, Internet & mobile communications fail. The self-sufficient power supply is guaranteed by its own photovoltaic modules & batteries.

Finally fair trade without expropriation through tax theft! - Our solution "made in Germany" for unhindered economic exchange between free suppliers & demanders of goods & services, even in crisis situations. You also have the option of offering your goods for prices in units of physical precious metals or (soon) our inflation-free decentralized crypto money FDM on the general marketplace or in your own store on your home server. We respect & protect your natural property and freedom rights 100%. Robbery through taxes, fraud through fiat money & other coercion by agents of the state mafia are strictly prohibited on our marketplace.

"Finally debt-free money without loss of purchasing power due to inflation! - Our solution "made in Germany" for a forgery-proof blockchain money system with a strictly limited total amount (244.8 billion), which allows you to build real debt-free wealth for yourself and your family for the first time. The FDM as a reminiscence of the old D-Mark is our standard means of payment on the FDMP & the first crypto money in the world whose electronic wallet can be controlled remotely via our FDN to enable you (soon) to make secure and anonymous payments even in a blackout. You will be able to acquire the FDM by unidirectional exchange against Euro (at a fixed exchange rate of 0.2448 FDM : 1 Euro), by lending or by selling your own goods & services."

Parrhesiast:
👆 The FDM is currently just an idea and a plan, but perhaps the economically most important one among all our projects. At first we wanted to implement it as fork of the PoS OXEN privacy coin within a local WiFi-Meshnet, but until now we failed to get competent developers for this and no support from the OXEN team, who completely abandon their privacy Coin for a SENT Token on Ethereum. Now we want to realise the FDM-Tokenomics as fast as possible with a private smartcontract on the Secret Network (scrt.network) to make the FDM available for new FDG-members as early investors. For this we plan a unique unidirectional (!) swap process from 

Euro 
—> a stablecoin 
—> wHYD (as fiatmoney vehicle) 
—> wFDM (as private smartcontract on scrt.network) 
—> FDM (as planned blackoutresilient privacy coin in our FDN-Wifi-Meshnet. 

- The Euro can then be swapped unidirectionally into FDM with a fixed ratio of 1000 Euro : 244,8 FDM (which mirrors the inflation rate of the current Euro compared to the last cash amount of the German D-Mark in the year 2000). 
- the max. supply of FDM will be 244,8 Mrd. (which mimicks the last documented cash amount of the D-Mark in the year 2000.)
- The FDM will only be available for and tradeable between DID-registered FDG-members within our FDG-Kommunikator app (available for Android, Windows and Linux). 
- The buying power of the FDM will rise with each new member, since it is mandatory for every member to offer at least one selfproduced good or service against the FDM.
- the FDM Blockchain Tokenomics should entail incentivization mechanisms for rewarding a) the fast spreading of our FDN Meshnet over DACHLI, b) the recruitment of the most productive members of society as FDG members according to a hierarchy of survival needs in desaster situations to build a new free society from the ground up.
- from the 5 Billion (European metrics) Euro (of 16 Billion in EU), that are possessed by Germans, we calculate with a max. of 1 Billion to be ideally swapped into FDM in the end (that is probably the ratio of awake people, who are not vaccinated and not yet completely destroyed and lost mentally by cultural marxims).

‼️Attention‼️: This planned unidirectional swap process from Euro into FDM via wHYD will automatically lead to permanently rising fiatmoney prices for HYD! So, this swap process will ultimately make Hydraledger a sure bet for each fiatmoney crypto speculator. (But remember this fact: fiatmoney is catastrophically evil bankster counterfeit money, that will ultimately selfdestroy in hyperinflation or hyperdeflation with mathematical certainty! That's why humanity has to abandon it completely as fast as possible.)

The ultimate goal here is to attack and overcome the evil and desastrous inflationary crisis currency "Euro" through an act of collective self-empowerment of self-sovereign people, to reverse and destroy the Euro with the FDM by the people for the people, without unilaterally imposed political top-down decisions.

This will be the Banderole for the packaging of the FDG freedom phone, presenting the strategy and products of FDG tech on the back side. And for the Hydraledger's freedom phone the graphics designer is currently working on the Banderole as well.

